README.md, before:

<!-- Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="img2.png" alt="Hi, I'm Archit Kiran Kumar" width="80%" height="400"/>
</p>

---

<!-- Typing animation -->
<!--<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=25&pause=1000&color=00C2FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hi%2C+I'm+Archit+Kiran+👋;Computer+Science+Student+%40+Boston+University;Software+Developer+%7C+Data+Scientist;Blockchain+%7C+Cybersecurity+%7C+IoT;Always+learning+new+things!" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>-->

---

# Archit Kiran Kumar | MS Computer Science Student  

**Take a look at my portfolio!** 
https://portfolio-archit-p9yy.vercel.app/

🎓 Master’s in Computer Science @ **Boston University**  

💻 Passionate about **Software Development | Data Science | Web Development| Cybersecurity | Post-Quantum Communication**  

🌱 Currently exploring **Data Science, Front-end development, CyberSecurity**  

⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy going to the gym & building innovative tech projects on the side  

---

## 📌 About Me  
- 🔭 I’m working on **Securing india's EV-Charging Network through OCPP Protocol**
 
- 🌐 Interested in **Visualizing data, secure communication, distributed systems, and scalable architectures**
 
- 📊 Experienced in **data analysis, visualization, and large-scale systems**
 
- 💡 Always open to collaborations on **open-source projects, research, and hackathons**  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

**Languages**  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=flat&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-003B57?style=flat&logo=databricks&logoColor=white)  

**Frameworks & Tools**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=flat&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![PySpark](https://img.shields.io/badge/PySpark-E25A1C?style=flat&logo=apachespark&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=flat&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)  

**Other Skills**  
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=flat&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![GCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-4285F4?style=flat&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white)  
  

**Frameworks & Tools**  
![React](https://img.shi)

## 📂 Featured Projects  

### 🔹 [Safeguarding Bharat's EV Charging Networks (OCPP Protocol Resilience)](https://github.com/architkiran/Safeguarding-Bharat-s-EV-Charging-Networks-Through-OCPP-Protocol-Resilience-)  
🔐 Designed a secure communication model for EV charging infrastructure using **OCPP & Post-Quantum Cryptography**.  
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-black?logo=openjdk) ![Cybersecurity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cybersecurity-black?logo=hackthebox)

---

### 🔹 [Real-Time Traffic Data Analysis Using PySpark](https://github.com/architkiran/Live-Traffic-Data-Analysis)  
🚦 Built a **real-time traffic visualization tool** using **TomTom APIs & PySpark**, with **dynamic route mapping and congestion analysis**.  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-black?logo=python) ![PySpark](https://img.shields.io/badge/PySpark-black?logo=apachespark) ![Data Science](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data_Science-black?logo=anaconda)

---

### 🔹 [Portfolio Website](https://github.com/architkiran/portfolio-archit): https://portfolio-archit-p9yy.vercel.app/
🌐 A modern **personal portfolio website** showcasing my projects, skills, and achievements. Built with **Next.js**, **React**, and **TailwindCSS**.  
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-black?logo=nextdotjs) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-black?logo=react) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-black?logo=tailwindcss) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed_on-Vercel-black?logo=vercel)

---

### 🔹 [Blockchain-Based Voting System](https://github.com/architkiran/Blockchain-Based-Voting-)  
🗳️ Developed a **secure blockchain application** for tamper-proof voting with transparent block validation.  
![Blockchain](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blockchain-black?logo=bitcoin) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-black?logo=openjdk)

---

### 🔹 [Post-Quantum Communication Framework for IoT Devices](https://github.com/architkiran/Post-Quantum-Communication-Framework-for-IoT-Devices)  
🛰️ Developed a **secure and efficient communication framework** for **IoT devices** resilient to **quantum-based attacks**.  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-black?logo=python) ![Post-Quantum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Post--Quantum-black?logo=quantconnect) ![IoT](https://img.shields.io/badge/IoT-black?logo=internetofthings)

---

### 🔹 [Car Rental System](https://github.com/architkiran/Car-Rental-System)  
🚗 Developed a **full-stack car rental platform** with booking, payment integration, and user authentication.  
![MERN](https://img.shields.io/badge/MERN-black?logo=react) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-black?logo=mongodb) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-black?logo=express) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-black?logo=react) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-black?logo=nodedotjs)

---

### 🔹 [Railways Reservation System (MERN Stack)](https://github.com/architkiran/Railways-MernStack)  
🚉 Built a **railway reservation system** with seat allocation, booking, and cancellation features.  
![MERN](https://img.shields.io/badge/MERN-black?logo=react) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-black?logo=mongodb) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-black?logo=express) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-black?logo=react) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-black?logo=nodedotjs)

---

### 🔹 [DevOps Lab Projects](https://github.com/architkiran/Devops_Lab)  
⚙️ Experiments with **Docker, Kubernetes, and CI/CD pipelines**.  
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-black?logo=docker) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-black?logo=kubernetes) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-black?logo=microsoftazure)

---

### 🔹 [Next.js Sample Code](https://github.com/architkiran/Nextjs-sample-code)  
⚛️ A simple **Next.js practice repo** exploring SSR and API routes.  
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-black?logo=nextdotjs) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-black?logo=react)


## 🌎 Connect With Me  

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/archit-kiran-kumar-403610243)  
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubpages&logoColor=white)](https://portfolio-archit-p9yy.vercel.app/)  
[![Resume](https://img.shields.io/badge/Resume-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobeacrobatreader&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/architkiran/architkiran/blob/main/ArchitKiran_Resume.pdf)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:architkiran@gmail.com)  

---

Commit message:

Add Music Review Rating Prediction project details
Added a new project section for Music Review Rating Prediction with a brief description.

README.md, after:

<!-- Banner -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="img2.png" alt="Hi, I'm Archit Kiran Kumar" width="80%" height="400"/>
</p>

---

<!-- Typing animation -->
<!--<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=25&pause=1000&color=00C2FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Hi%2C+I'm+Archit+Kiran+👋;Computer+Science+Student+%40+Boston+University;Software+Developer+%7C+Data+Scientist;Blockchain+%7C+Cybersecurity+%7C+IoT;Always+learning+new+things!" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>-->

---

# Archit Kiran Kumar | MS Computer Science Student  

**Take a look at my portfolio!** 
https://portfolio-archit-p9yy.vercel.app/

🎓 Master’s in Computer Science @ **Boston University**  

💻 Passionate about **Software Development | Data Science | Web Development| Cybersecurity | Post-Quantum Communication**  

🌱 Currently exploring **Data Science, Front-end development, CyberSecurity**  

⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy going to the gym & building innovative tech projects on the side  

---

## 📌 About Me  
- 🔭 I’m working on **Securing india's EV-Charging Network through OCPP Protocol**
 
- 🌐 Interested in **Visualizing data, secure communication, distributed systems, and scalable architectures**
 
- 📊 Experienced in **data analysis, visualization, and large-scale systems**
 
- 💡 Always open to collaborations on **open-source projects, research, and hackathons**  

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  

**Languages**  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=flat&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=flat&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-003B57?style=flat&logo=databricks&logoColor=white)  

**Frameworks & Tools**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=flat&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![PySpark](https://img.shields.io/badge/PySpark-E25A1C?style=flat&logo=apachespark&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=flat&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=flat&logo=springboot&logoColor=white)  

**Other Skills**  
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=flat&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![GCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-4285F4?style=flat&logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white)  
  

**Frameworks & Tools**  
![React](https://img.shi)

## 📂 Featured Projects  

### 🔹 [Safeguarding Bharat's EV Charging Networks (OCPP Protocol Resilience)](https://github.com/architkiran/Safeguarding-Bharat-s-EV-Charging-Networks-Through-OCPP-Protocol-Resilience-)  
🔐 Designed a secure communication model for EV charging infrastructure using **OCPP & Post-Quantum Cryptography**.  
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-black?logo=openjdk) ![Cybersecurity](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cybersecurity-black?logo=hackthebox)

---

### 🔹 [Real-Time Traffic Data Analysis Using PySpark](https://github.com/architkiran/Live-Traffic-Data-Analysis)  
🚦 Built a **real-time traffic visualization tool** using **TomTom APIs & PySpark**, with **dynamic route mapping and congestion analysis**.  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-black?logo=python) ![PySpark](https://img.shields.io/badge/PySpark-black?logo=apachespark) ![Data Science](https://img.shields.io/badge/Data_Science-black?logo=anaconda)

---

### 🔹 [Portfolio Website](https://github.com/architkiran/portfolio-archit): https://portfolio-archit-p9yy.vercel.app/
🌐 A modern **personal portfolio website** showcasing my projects, skills, and achievements. Built with **Next.js**, **React**, and **TailwindCSS**.  
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-black?logo=nextdotjs) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-black?logo=react) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-black?logo=tailwindcss) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed_on-Vercel-black?logo=vercel)

---

### 🔹 [Music Review Rating Prediction](https://github.com/architkiran/MusicRatingPrediction)  
🗳️ This project predicts reviewer ratings (1–5) of music releases using metadata and text features.
It’s a multi-class classification problem, evaluated with Macro F1 Score (as per Kaggle rules). 

---

### 🔹 [Blockchain-Based Voting System](https://github.com/architkiran/Blockchain-Based-Voting-)  
🗳️ Developed a **secure blockchain application** for tamper-proof voting with transparent block validation.  
![Blockchain](https://img.shields.io/badge/Blockchain-black?logo=bitcoin) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-black?logo=openjdk)

---

### 🔹 [Post-Quantum Communication Framework for IoT Devices](https://github.com/architkiran/Post-Quantum-Communication-Framework-for-IoT-Devices)  
🛰️ Developed a **secure and efficient communication framework** for **IoT devices** resilient to **quantum-based attacks**.  
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-black?logo=python) ![Post-Quantum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Post--Quantum-black?logo=quantconnect) ![IoT](https://img.shields.io/badge/IoT-black?logo=internetofthings)

---

### 🔹 [Car Rental System](https://github.com/architkiran/Car-Rental-System)  
🚗 Developed a **full-stack car rental platform** with booking, payment integration, and user authentication.  
![MERN](https://img.shields.io/badge/MERN-black?logo=react) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-black?logo=mongodb) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-black?logo=express) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-black?logo=react) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-black?logo=nodedotjs)

---

### 🔹 [Railways Reservation System (MERN Stack)](https://github.com/architkiran/Railways-MernStack)  
🚉 Built a **railway reservation system** with seat allocation, booking, and cancellation features.  
![MERN](https://img.shields.io/badge/MERN-black?logo=react) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-black?logo=mongodb) ![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-black?logo=express) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-black?logo=react) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-black?logo=nodedotjs)

---

### 🔹 [DevOps Lab Projects](https://github.com/architkiran/Devops_Lab)  
⚙️ Experiments with **Docker, Kubernetes, and CI/CD pipelines**.  
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-black?logo=docker) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-black?logo=kubernetes) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-black?logo=microsoftazure)

---

### 🔹 [Next.js Sample Code](https://github.com/architkiran/Nextjs-sample-code)  
⚛️ A simple **Next.js practice repo** exploring SSR and API routes.  
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-black?logo=nextdotjs) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-black?logo=react)


## 🌎 Connect With Me  

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/archit-kiran-kumar-403610243)  
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubpages&logoColor=white)](https://portfolio-archit-p9yy.vercel.app/)  
[![Resume](https://img.shields.io/badge/Resume-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobeacrobatreader&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/architkiran/architkiran/blob/main/ArchitKiran_Resume.pdf)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:architkiran@gmail.com)  

---
